API-9074: scopes for Reports API (#958)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/data-reporting/changelog/index.mdx

    - `filters.surveys.type`
    - `filters.surveys.answer_id`
    - `filters.events.types`

> - All methods requires the `reports_read` scope. This applies to **v3.** versions of the _Reports API_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All methods require the `reports_read` scope. This applies to all **v3.x** versions of the _Reports API_.
```

Reviewer: I'd also move this note above the renamed fields list, under this point:
> To provide more consistent experience across all Platform APIs, filters are now aligned with those used in List Archives (the Agent Chat API).

it gets "lost" when it's under a long list like that :D

Author: Corrected.
